## Duplicate Encoder

The goal of this exercise is to convert a string to a new string where each character in the new string is "(" if that character appears only once in the original string, or ")" if that character appears more than once in the original string. Ignore capitalization when determining if a character is a duplicate.

Examples
"din"      =>  "((("
"recede"   =>  "()()()"
"Success"  =>  ")())())"
"(( @"     =>  "))(("

Notes
Assertion messages may be unclear about what they display in some languages. If you read "...It Should encode XXX", the "XXX" is the expected result, not the input!

## Next Version

You're fed up about changing the version of your software manually. Instead, you will create a little script that will make it for you.

Exercise
Create a function nextVersion, that will take a string in parameter, and will return a string containing the next version number.

For example:

nextVersion("1.2.3") === "1.2.4";
nextVersion("0.9.9") === "1.0.0";
nextVersion("1") === "2";
nextVersion("1.2.3.4.5.6.7.8") === "1.2.3.4.5.6.7.9";
nextVersion("9.9") === "10.0";
Rules
All numbers, except the first one, must be lower than 10: if there are, you have to set them to 0 and increment the next number in sequence.

You can assume all tests inputs to be valid.

## Matrix Addition

Write a function that accepts two square matrices (N x N two dimensional arrays), and return the sum of the two. Both matrices being passed into the function will be of size N x N (square), containing only integers.

How to sum two matrices:

Take each cell [n][m] from the first matrix, and add it with the same [n][m] cell from the second matrix. This will be cell [n][m] of the solution matrix.

Visualization:

|1 2 3|     |2 2 1|     |1+2 2+2 3+1|     |3 4 4|
|3 2 1|  +  |3 2 3|  =  |3+3 2+2 1+3|  =  |6 4 4|
|1 1 1|     |1 1 3|     |1+1 1+1 1+3|     |2 2 4|
Example
matrixAddition(
  [ [1, 2, 3],
    [3, 2, 1],
    [1, 1, 1] ],
//      +
  [ [2, 2, 1],
    [3, 2, 3],
    [1, 1, 3] ] )

// returns:
  [ [3, 4, 4],
    [6, 4, 4],
    [2, 2, 4] ]

